update stipends table (#31)
ngi-nix/summer-of-nix: stipends.md

# Summer of Nix 2025 stipends

> Residents of EU member states receive the base stipend (see [Stipends](https://github.com/ngi-nix/summer-of-nix/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file#stipends).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Residents of EU member states receive the [base stipend](./README.md#stipends).
```
